Millia Zato...where?
Zato What's the matter?

Zato In a sec...come in.

Millia Sleepless night, sleep medication, and a body pillow, am I correct?
Zato I love silky skin, guilty as charged.
Millia If you wanted a doll wouldn't it be better to have a slave?
They're much softer and more obedient, and their bodies can be quite the weapon if trained properly.
Zato Relief could be obtained from embracing a doll...
Millia And if I did, would it absolutely kill you?
Zato If there was murderous intent in your embrace to kill me, dying wouldn't be too bad.
Millia (Liar...)

Millia Hey...what were you doing just now?
Zato I was just counting something....Carrie...Trevor...Macalore...
Millia What is that?
Zato They're the names of dead members...my subordinates...
Millia You're not possessed by dead Assassins are you? Don't joke around with something bothersome like that!
Zato They were good men; I was fortunate to have them, but it's regrettable...
Millia So you doubt yourself...if you don't go to bed I'll pull your tongue out...
Zato The real joke is that you have a fancy of pulling with deadly fingers--
Millia Don't joke around! Assassins can't find happiness! Is that what you think?
Zato ...It seems that way...
Millia An Assassin's path may walk in the Night. Possibly even obtain glory. But happiness?...Happiness is something we'll never obtain.
Zato Why would that be...?
Millia Happiness is a choice you make along the road. Happiness can only be chosen because of unhappiness or failure. That's why Assassins can only walk the path of an Assassin.
Zato There might be another path you know...
Millia What are you saying? With the kind of body you have...?
Zato ...Are you jealous?
Millia Not jealous, anyway, you're fondling my hair, please stop...

Zato A refusal...such harsh deadly words from someone so beautiful.
Millia I don't get you...you desire me? So you want the embrace of a Kinjuu assassin doll?
Zato You...is that what you wish for?
Millia Killing time...Your fingers are cold. Also your arms, shoulders, they're smooth, stiff, and hard...*Note this has sexual connotations.*

Zato ...Forget it...
Millia ...I can't just forget...
Zato Millia...don't you want to create a time of happiness with me?
Millia What a funny joke!
Zato It's a dream, even if it's a worthless dream.
Millia Just like a man. Even if it exists in darkness, you can't forget the dream?
Zato In that case, my dream exists for you to see as well.
Millia Despite being a man...and you love beautiful hair? Jealous? At this rate your dream will never fly and get crushed.
Zato That's fine for now.
Millia Yeah...Zato...


? Master Zato. Master Zato!

Millia He's calling...
Zato Over, huh? How'd he get wind of this...
Millia I'll send him away.

Millia Ah, Good morning, Venom.
Venom Master Zato's in, I presume?
Millia I wonder...*sarcasm*
Venom Your hair's a mess. Please comb it.
Millia It's just bed-head...
Venom Millia, if it's discovered you were fraternizing with the Organization's Leader without permission, it would be grounds for expulsion and you would be treated like a deserter, are you aware of this?
Millia Oh my! Is that morning bloodlust?
Venom Master Zato's person is very important! If you insist on these playful night excursions, you will be disciplined! *Venom's wording is complex regarding this matter, but by 'discipline' he refers to her having to contend with him personally.*
Millia I'm not that man's keeper, and neither are you.
Venom Untrue. The safety of Master Zato is my top-most duty and priority. Move aside!
Millia Yes, yes...Zato...the watchdog came to visit.
Zato Venom, huh? Sorry about that.
Venom It's fine, I simply wish to review the Mission Detail with you.
Zato Hoh.
Venom If you don't mind, this will be the meeting point.
Zato Understood.
Millia Go on ahead, I'll join you after my shower.
Zato Understood...Wait.
Venom Master Zato...!
Zato Just like a woman, grooming herself till she's ready.
Venom ...As you wish.*Note he is hesitant at Zato's decision to wait for her.*

Venom This time, the Guild's Mission Contract is located in Calroni Kingdom. The assassination of Duke Dorian Scaburi.
Zato So that's it.
Venom Since he is an important figure with a security level of B+, our methods of execution are limited. I have no problems leaving security to Team Three.*Zato seems to be paging through data files*.
Zato Alternate the plan structure. Because his position is that of an official within the country, it'd be best to get multiple impressions of the situation.
Venom Sir. Anything further?
Zato I'm going...
Venom Master Zato, you? No, excuse me. It shall be arranged.
Zato Millia is the striker. You and I are her support.
Venom Millia is, and Master Zato and I are to support?
Zato Yes.
Venom Forgive me for my rudeness, Master Zato, but, are you not being too generous with her?
Zato What do you mean by 'too generous'? It would be far too simple for me to send Millia out on a dangerous mission. If I wasn't generous, she'd be heading to her death.
Venom Forgive my impertinence, Master Zato, but that woman's actions are far too selfish, she mustn't be protected from reparations.
Zato Venom...have you given some thought to the future of the Assassins' Guild?
Venom The Guild's...future?...No.
Zato When the Holy War is over...what happens next?
Venom The War economy will convert to a Common economy. The political power structures will chafe during the transition, and we, the Assassins' Guild will be in high demand.
Zato Precisely. And that growth will give birth to "market competitors."
Venom"Market competitors"?
Zato Soldiers can return from the battlefield, but we who function as Assassins are shunned by public opinion. If someone could grasp our destructive nature in battle, the seeds of battle would spread, sown, and be cultivated. New techniques would develop for a new generation.
Venom Indeed.
Zato Great battle potential would breed a receptacle for bounty hunters, and then...
Venom Assassination work...?
Zato Exactly. Ten years from now our own Guild will be thrown in upheaval. They'll come to possess a puppet army rivalling Millia's design. Understanding what she is, is the key.
Venom As expected of Master...but I...
Zato Save the questions for later. The best one suited for this mission is Millia, that's all there is to it.
Venom Sir! *salute*
Zato Venom...are you happy with this life?
Venom My happiness is to serve under Master Zato.
Zato You...so that's the 'happiness' you chose?
Venom The very same.
Zato What?
Venom Even if I only had one choice in my path, I would choose this one. I have no regrets.
Zato Is that so...about what I said, just forget it.
Venom As you command.


Millia Such a pretty dress...a little hard to move in, but not bad at all.
Zato Do you like it?
Millia It'll get soaked in blood eventually...
Zato What's that mean? It's so you'd fit in with everyone.
Millia Who's 'everyone'?
Zato These are nobles. This royal palace ball is a fish tank of sharks, thirsty for blood.
Millia Aristocrats aren't all bad you know, isn't that a bit harsh?
Zato Yes, even now, there's a conflict between factions within the royal court.
Millia Because of the weak King, the politics became chaotic, right?
Zato Well, what you've said is true enough.
Millia So where is our King?
Zato Wouldn't it be his bed-time?
Millia What's that mean?
Zato The current ruling King of Calroni Kingdom, Salteria Calroni I is only two years old.
Millia The royal family ends with him, and so everyone's seeking favors?
Zato It'll be tough work.
Millia If it's so difficult, I'll just finish it quickly.
Zato Your target is...over there. Duke Scaburi.
Millia Ah, such a charming old man.
Zato He may be charming but a shark's still a shark. He's the head behind the dissenting faction,
the most charismatic noble within the King's Court.
Millia Understood. Once it's evening, I'll put him to sleep for good, that okay with you?
Zato Yes. I'm counting on you.


Female Aristocrat Excuse me, gentleman over there, would you care to request a song for a dance?
Millia Eh!? Ah, sorry, I appreciate it but...
Zato Ah...that is, I'm blind, you see.
Female Aristocrat Hunh...that must be a troubling impairment...maybe perhaps you would allow me to lead?
Millia I'm his escort--!
Zato Hanging out with me might be a little boring, why don't you go on ahead?
Female Aristocrat Is that so? If it's fine with you.
If it's not too much trouble I could introduce you to some male dance partners at the ball if you wish?
Millia No, it's fine...!
Female Aristocrat ...so then, shall we go?
Zato Yes. Call me Zato. So then, Millia, don't let your guard down...
Female Aristocrat ...I see, hehe...




Zato (2:00a.m....Millia should've finished the mission by now.)
Venom Sir, the fourth group you arranged for has arrived.
Assassin Diversion and Disruption operations are prepared.
Zato Anomalies?
Venom There is no abnormality in the security patrols outside the palace or the castle.
Zato The mission will commence at 03:00a.m. Once Millia's escape is confirmed, we withdraw.
Venom Sir!




Zato (The castle's pretty noisy...Millia...did she fail?) Begin the mission: start the diversion.
Venom Sir.
Venom CARCASS RIDE!! *Cue "A Solitude that Asks Nothing in Return"*
Castle Guard D Guuaaahhh--!
Castle Guard E Uuuaaahhh--!
Zato (Were they all hit...?)
Venom No targets remain...
Zato Proceed carefully...you'll die if more trouble comes.
Venom I'm grateful for the concern...Odd...there's barely sufficient security.
Zato It seems a diversion already occurred here...circle the area.

Venom Those are...flares?
Zato Even a deaf assassin can tell there's going to be a dogfight now.
(*Zato's dryly saying the Captain's an idiot.*)
Castle Guard F Squad 2, expose the infiltrator. Squad 1, we apprehend the remaining assassins.
Zato I had a feeling it was the Guard Captain
...this guy probably wants to take us on directly.
Venom Then I shall spare a little flash. DOUBLE HEAD MORBID!!

Castle Guard F Halt! I am Casteria Imperial Commander, Gottfried.
Despicable assassins, prepare yourselves!
Zato Hoh...Casteria's Gottfried, the famous "Iron Whirlwind"?
Gottfried The same. Care to try my famous blows for yourself?
*Worth noting that Gottfried is voiced by Shishigami Bang's VA*

Zato Venom! Can I leave this area to you?
Venom Master Zato, where are you headed?
Zato To Millia. I've got a bad feeling...


Zato Why...are you here?
Slayer Why? It's just been a while since I've seen the face of my "junior".
Zato There's nothing here for you to see at all...Founder...
Slayer I'm gone for a little while and the Organization seems to have changed quite a bit...
Zato So now I have to earn the title of being an Assassin?
I'd like to know exactly what my "senior" is spouting about now...

Zato Why...are you here?
Slayer Why? It's just been a while since I've seen the face of my "junior".
Zato There's nothing here for you to see at all...Founder...
Slayer I'm gone for a little while and the Organization seems to have changed quite a bit...
Zato So now I have to earn the title of being an Assassin? I'd like to know exactly what my "senior" is spouting about now...
Slayer So then, you think you're running a business now?
Zato It doesn't matter who it's for...the Organization functions for the Organization's own sake.
Slayer What meaning is there to an organization that's created to fill its members with sorrow!?
Zato Being hassled by whatever an old man has to say is too tedious.
Slayer In that case, I have a few questions to ask you.
Zato I'd love to hear one of your lectures, but...now there's no time.
Slayer So I'm being a nuisance, you say...?
Zato Indeed...senile old man...OUT OF MY WAY!
Zato (Even now that old man's going easy on me...as expected...)
Slayer Your rushdown is weak. You should've prepared your Instant Kill technique, that shortcoming will cost you.
Zato Ready my Instant Kill? The Leader of the Assassins needs only ask. Then I shall show you! PIERCE THROUGH!!

Slayer Is this some kind of joke? Too slow!

Zato Gwuugh--eughh!!...
Slayer One: In a life and death struggle it is expedient to never exceed one's own limits when performing an Instant-kill technique.
Two: A killing technique's intent must be refined to it's absolute potential within the craft to support one's boast of skill.
Zato (That is...the Organization's Way...!)
Slayer Correct! And for that 'way' to happen something must occur: Real conflict follows rules, a life and death struggle's outcome is not decided by prideful intent. A man must thrive in conflict, a man who can stand alone and inspire those below him is unstoppable. As you are now, you are insufficient!
Zato (Is he forcing me on the defensive!?)
Slayer THIS IS--DANDY-ZOOM!!

Zato Guuwaaaaa!
Slayer Well then, care to talk with me for a little bit now, young Assassin?
Zato Hehhh...ennhh...sorry but...there's no...TIME!!
Slayer Hoh!
Zato BEHOLD ITS COMING: EXPAND!! AMORPHOUS!!

Zato (Did I get him!?)
Slayer Isn't that a taboo question, Mr. Rookie?
Zato Nuo--!?

Zato Uoof!
Slayer Youngster...excessive killing intent, but a trembling fighting spirit. You have me worried.
Zato Honorable elder...GET OUT OF MY--!
Slayer Aaaaah, so it's that young girl you're worried about, Ms. Millia I think her name is...?
Zato Na!!--don't touch her!
Slayer Vulnerable!

Zato Guuuaaaa...uhuhhhk...hahh...from the very beginning...why do you know Millia!?
Slayer My eyes couldn't help but behold such a charming Mademoiselle. Is she your lover?
Zato That's right...But that's why I have no time and need to hurry!
Slayer Hm? And then what?
Zato An important subordinate was caught and I can't disgracefully abandon her, because this is something a head leader must do! This time, please step aside, IMMORTAL MONSTER!
Slayer Your resolution is good, but your soul's depth ISN'T QUITE THERE YET!!

Zato Oouugh...Khh...impossible...I cast aside the light for...the Forbidden Beast's power...yet I'm still this weak--!? Guhh!!

Slayer Don't feel bad; you aren't weak, I am just too strong. But your soul's radiance is not bad, quite elegant in fact...With you as its Leader, your Organization's future has interesting potential to grow in this era. It was an honor to fight you, however brief.
Zato Uughh...so you're satisfied just with that much is what you mean?...How disturbing...
Slayer Au revoir! I've interfered enough, you don't need to worry about the girl.
Zato Mill...ia...


Millia My hair can't move...this is a high level magic sealing prison.....but...why are they keeping me alive? If I'm kept in constant pain and isolation eventually I'll...die...freezing...in the cold...and then they'll eventually kill me afterwards...

Zato Come to me, Millia...）
Millia Stop it!!
Zato The way of an Assassin is more than one path, you know...）
Millia No!! Why do you keep calling for me even now!?
Zato You want to live happily...don't you?）
Millia What I want...What I want!?...These chains have bound me to this frigid world to die--I don't want this anymore!!!



Venom Master Zato! Are you all right!?


Zato Somehow...



Zato Pour me a Sherry. Those punches of his set my soul ablaze...
Venom Sir...However, I must object to the consumption of alcohol while you're still bleeding, it is bad for your body.
Zato I'll say it again: pour me a sherry. It's a drink from my home town.
Venom As you wish it.


Venom Your drink, sir.



Zato Haaa......Millia...did you escape safely...?
Venom No...there was no confirmation. She was spotted and apprehended, there is no mistake.
Zato I see......Open a line to Lord Maining. We can't allow him custody of Millia.
Venom But sir, our laws state that when an Assassin has been arrested, suicide is their only redemption! And you wish to negotiate--!?
Zato She and I are not Assassins. We are kindred Forbidden Beasts, weapons born on the battlefield. Money can't buy that!
Venom Because of that?
Zato Just that.
Venom As you wish it. A moment, please.


Zato ...(Millia)...



Venom Apologies for the delay. Lord Maining on the line.


Leon So, young Zato, you really blundered this time...
Zato The target was killed. I think the damage was minimal.


Leon Don't joke around...I've grown fond of that beauty we captured, the rumors about her were no lie. Fortunately, my informants have assured me...that meddlesome cabinet minister has been silenced...we were able to bribe him.
Zato I am deeply ashamed. We regard that girl as a treasured daughter, I humbly ask that you please return her to us...



Leon Hmph...very well. But, even for a traditional child of the Assassin Guild, she's a commoner. Before I return her to you, however...I've got another job for you...
Zato Alright then. Well...who is it?



Leon Heheh...his Majesty the King...is your target.
Zato So I see. In exchange for Millia's head, we shall stake the reputation of the Assassin's Guild to assure the fulfillment of this task.



Leon I'm looking forward to good news, hehehe...until then...




Millia ...I'm home...
Venom Millia!?
Zato Millia...!?



Venom Why, what are you doing here!? After we just spoke with Lord Maining!
...No, it's too late for that!
Millia Maining...ugh, that man is repulsive, you're wrong about that.



Millia I was unsealed by Slayer, that meddlesome old man.
Zato Slayer?...Now I see.
Venom Who is that?
Zato One of the Founders of our Guild, lost to time. Even compared to our abnormal talents, he's immeasurably a monster.
Venom So that man...because this country is in turmoil...does he plan to be of assistance to us?
Millia When he freed me, he didn't ask for collateral. That old man...he seems to just simply enjoy watching us...
Venom I don't like this...A former Founder, even more a Guild Outsider?
Enough, Master Zato, to allow yourself to be surrounded by so many stray dogs prowling around, I must--!



Zato Stop.
Venom But--!
Zato Venom, you forget yourself.
Venom Master Zato, I'm telling you that pretentious old man will interfere with us!
Zato I manipulate the shadows, even as a child I was treated as a monster. I've prepared myself for death, despite the dangers.
Venom...your wisdom is valuable to the Organization, but that value means nothing if a hit* is lost.
Venom Master Zato! *Salute*


Millia Flamboyant as usual...you boys have a good relationship... 
Venom Millia...! *seethes*
Millia Well, what now? Will we continue our tactical plans for Calroni Kingdom?
Zato That was not our original intention, but, as of now we have something we need to obtain there.
Millia What did you say?
Zato You returned home too late. We were given a job, in negotiation for your head.
We are now obligated to fulfill this mission, which puts us in a difficult position now.
Millia ...I see...So then, who's the target?
Venom Calroni Kingdom's King, Salteria Calroni.
Millia Now wait just a minute--!?
Zato His Royal Majesty the King, child of 2 years...


Millia Are you insane!? This is child abuse, no, INFANTICIDE!
This isn't an assassination! This is infamy!
Zato I'm insane. *Stated Coldly*
Millia Don't you know it's just a dirty job, Zato?! I've misjudged you as a man!
No, for ANY Assassin wouldn't this be crossing the line!? Un-ghh!?

Zato I expected you to say that, thanks for the informed opinion.
Millia Don't lie to me!...A simple plot like this,
Maining just wants to take over the kingdom by killing the king, right!?
But, he just wants to burn and pillage!
Assassins can't get involved in this...right!?
Zato Don't you dare call for Slayer...
Millia I...like that man's sense of justice and happiness,
I don't see any resemblance of that here, fighting that benefits no one...
But...you don't understand, do you Zato!? I hate it, I can't stand it! BUT STILL YOU--!
Venom I'VE HEARD ENOUGH!!



Millia Venom!? If you're trying to get between Zato and I just--
Zato Venom!
Venom YOU BE SILENT!
ARROGANTLY DISAPPROVING OF THE DIRTY WORK WE HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO HANDLE!
WHEN WE ASSASSINS ARE GIVEN WORK IT IS NO MISTAKE,
MASTER ZATO IS 100% AWARE OF THE SITUATION!
YOU SHOULD BE AWARE OF THE REASON WE TOOK THIS JOB,
YET YOU STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS, MILLIA RAGE!!?
Millia ..!
Venom THIS WAS FOR YOUR SAKE...AND IF YOU STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS--!
Zato That's enough, Venom! And Millia...
Venom My apologies, sir. I have...lost my composure...
Zato Man gives in to emotional instincts. You're both Assassins, right? That's why you can understand this.


Millia Zato, but even if that's--
Zato Regardless, it is an absolute law! The reputation of the Assassin Guild is bound by the responsibility to carry out ANY task once it is given!
The Guild begins here...the first law which cannot be shaken. A holy law.
Millia But to kill...a child?
Zato To kill a king. With precision.
My shadow will consume him utterly, no traces left behind.
After this...the Guild will be the number one choice to receive children, to be raised as Assassins...
Millia But, it's still as I thought, children will continue to fall in to hell...
Zato To live despite these times is like waiting in a living hell. Am I wrong?
Millia It's true. Venom and I live this way because we were rescued...
Zato Living to take hold of what you can to continue to exist, that's what I believe in...

Zato Venom!
Venom *Salute* Sir!
Zato I've decided. This is time-sensitive.
The Royal Palace is protected by a powerful land barrier surrounded by a moat.
You will take 10 elite subordinates...no, 20 of them, and disable the barrier's power,
then secure an escape route.
Venom It shall be done. As for Master Zato's position?
Zato Of course I'll be coming.
The King will be introduced to the three strongest of the Guild.
I have absolute faith in all of you, you are my greatest subordinates.
Millia And me...? Am I supposed to hold down the fort?
Zato Millia, I want you to watch my back.
Millia So even if you screw up, you still intend to go easy on a woman? *Sarcasm*
Venom Keeghhh...!! *Seething*
Zato You failed because we weren't prepared for their army last time.
A suitable battle formation will be difficult, but,
I want you to prepare for the possibility that Slayer will show up. I expect flawless execution, okay?
Millia Understood. But, before we begin the operation I need to rest for a while.
My body feels stiff from being in that prison seal.
Zato That's fine. We're going, Venom.
We need to hurry and set up tactical operations.
Venom Sir! You may entrust rear guard to this Venom!

Millia *Sigh*...

Millia After killing someone...my body grows cold...my hands are stained in blood...
For another child to feel that again...I'm tired of it...I hate it...
Choosing me, instead of that child...all I see in Zato's dark eyes is a hatred I don't want...
No...No!...I hate the cold, Zato...
Slayer Your desires must grow...）
Millia No! No!...I want to die!
Slayer A good life...A good death, they do not carry the same meaning.）
Millia I want to die?...I don't want death!
...I don't want to die!...I DON'T WANT TO KILL!!
Slayer Seize it! Your future!）
Millia Future!? Zato's...and mine...?


Millia I'm surprised. Such a large lake surrounding the estate...
Zato A while ago, during the Crusades, a Gear made a crater here.
Supposedly the epicenter used to be a submerged old-world miltary complex that Calroni Kingdom was built on top of.
Millia What's the mission?
Zato Venom's detatched squad will assault the barrier-unit from the front,
attacking it directly. Once the battle begins, the guard network will be in disarray.
During that time, you and I will quickly slip inside.

*Zato aggressively gets on top of Millia*

Millia Ah!?--What the hell are you doing at a time like this..?!
Zato What better time than now...?

*Zato forcibly french-kisses her*

*Millia pulls away from him in fear*

Zato Why is it?...Today you...shine in my eyes brighter than ever...
No question...you're so beautiful...
Millia Unfortunately for you, I'm actually an ugly woman.
You might want to have your eyes checked.
If you don't, you might really die of despair...

*A large explosion is heard in the distance*

Zato It's started...


Millia To think they would come so quickly--TANDEM TOP!!
*Millia generates an raw energy sawblade with her hair.*
Super Soldier A Goohh!
Zato It's a good thing I work best in the shadows...INVITE HELL!!
Super Soldier B Bruggh!


Super Soldier B ...Kill...Assassin...kill...
Zato Hoh...even though that was a direct hit...
Super Soldier C Ideyoyaaaaghhh!! *Another soldier jumps in to strike*
Millia Hep!
*Millia gathers the soldier up in her hair and tosses him against a wall to knock him out.*
Super Soldier C Grrh!
Millia Sorry...I came across these men last time I was at the castle. Just cutting them won't kill them.
Zato Just like the 'Original Assassin' they met before...?* *He's referring to Slayer*
Millia Who's that?
Zato Our founder.
Super Soldier D Guuuuuooooohhhhhgaaahhh!! *Another Soldier charges in.*
Zato Out of the way!! *Zato mows him down with Eddie*
Super Soldier D Goohhwaaa!!

Zato The Crusades have begun again...even though they started a long time ago...
Assassinations were the prescribed 'cure' to this toxin.
To experience the horror and pain of being raised a soldier within an organization,
and then ultimately become an Assassin as well...that's the history...
Millia So then...the drugs these guys are taking?
Zato Probably...now I see...
Unusual abilities of that nature to match our own in combat...
Someone thinks they're being clever to work on the inside
but they're actually very shallow.
Millia Really...very shallow...
Zato After all...strange talents of that nature GRANT POWER!!
Millia Within us dwell Forbidden Beasts from the past!!
Zato We are the children!
Millia Exactly!
Zato EXECUTOOOR!!*Zato's body wraps itself in a large sword of darkness.*
Millia EMERALD RAIN!!*Millia fires a series of energy sawblades from her hair.*


Super Soldiers Guwaahh---Gwaaagghhhh--!!

Zato Willing to endure the pain, yet they carelessly avoid the truth.
But...the body is human flesh after all and cannot exceed its limits!
Millia Ah! Zato--!

Zato SHADOW!


Millia What is this...golden...thread?
Super Soldier E Shiyaaaahhhh!!!


Zato Can you avoid it, Millia!?!
Millia I'll have to!!


Zato To steal a woman's pride--! Rude annoying gnats!!
Geh...SHADOW--CONSUME THEM!!

Super Soldier E Gah!
Super Soldier F Muuguuff!

Millia Back then--!? That vile Maining...What on earth did he draw out of my body!?
Probably...the Forbidden Beast's power? *gasp* REVOLTING!! Enhhhiihh!
*Millia is on the verge of a breakdown*
Zato Survive the job and live, survive your existence and live...Let's go, Millia...*

Millia Yes, Zato...


Millia So this is where his Royal Highness sleeps...
Zato Like his cute sleeping face?
Millia Yeah, just like an angel. Are the explosives ready?
Zato Almost. Once it ignites, this corner of the room will open up to an escape route secured by our 'client'.
There won't be any problems.
Millia We've already dispatched the defense force here, so it's just you, me, and his Majesty the King in this area...
Zato Seems that way...*Sigh* So this is the future of our Guild...


Zato Such small fragile hands...but...someday they'll grow strong.

Millia Hey, Zato. What do you think about the future of people
who only play with the predetermined hand they were dealt with?
Zato If you were dealt a bad hand, sometimes you have to take the fall...
Millia What about this baby who doesn't have the power to defy anyone...?
Zato The hand of a child--


Zato Uugh--!--Uh--Uhhh..Milli..a..!?



Millia Forgive me...Zato...I...chose to bet on the future of this child!
Zato His...future..!?
Millia I am the wager. An Assassin that was born to sorrow, an Assassin destined to die...That was never predetermined!
I want to exist in the future I believe in! With no doubts!
That's why, Zato!...This is goodbye...truly goodbye!

Zato An Assassin's...happiness...?...Not...bad...


Millia HA!

Zato ...Unthinkable...for Millia to brood like this...



Zato Now then...You hiding over there, show yourself! I will neither flee nor hide!


? As expected of an Assassin of your caliber, Sir Zato...

Zato To determine if nothing is something, or something is nothing is all part of being an Assassin, Lord Maining.
As you can see, your contract has been fulfilled. But why are you here?
Leon Well, I just came by to thank you for all your hard work...
Zato But such a thing...like the gunpowder I smell is taboo for use*, correct?


Leon Very perceptive, as expected of a Forbidden Beast user like yourself in place like this...



Leon I greatly fear his Majesty the King has been grievously harmed by a rebel! Imperial Guards, shoot him down!!
Zato Now I see...


Zato DRUNKARD SHADE!!



Leon What!? He's reflecting our strongest volley!! I can't believe what I'm seeing!
Zato You've been exposed! You're no opponent of mine!! (*Zato phases into the fog*)
Leon Kh! That guy took the appearance of gunsmoke to get away! Stop! Stop shooting over there! There'll be friendly fire at this rate!!
After him, guards! The target's been injured, so he can't have gone far! Prep your bayonets!!
Castle Guard Sir! Prepping bayonets!



Zato (Gnehhh...missed my vital points...Millia...in the end she dared to stab me...Heh...I have to thank that woman for piercing me.
That Maining, his agreement was all just an elaborate trap...His aim was to obtain my Forbidden Beast all along.
And if he couldn't do that he'd just use me...That's why...)


Zato ...So the child wants a toy of his own, does he?


Zato How pathetic, for me to be wounded and driven into a corner like this...


Slayer Need some help...?
Zato Founder...What's the real reason behind your excessive curiousity and meddling?
Slayer I see...it's because you make me laugh.
Zato What a bad joke...
Slayer And Millia?
Zato Stabbed me, snatched away the king and fled the castle. Thanks to not having that sense of virtue, I was humiliated.
Slayer It's regrettable that your getting stabbed couldn't be avoided. Not so fortunate to be born a man, were you?
Zato Thanks but, that clever commentary doesn't help.
Slayer Did you even want to try this? (Slayer is looking at the night sky.)
Zato Counting stars, eh...well...when I lost my eyesight I gave up stargazing long ago...
Slayer So because you can't hear the music, you refuse to dance?
Zato Founder...you meddle far too much...Lord Slayer's opinion differs from mine. I am an Assassin...not a creature you pat on the head and comfort no matter what.
Dogs of sorrow don't travel in packs, please remember that.
Slayer So you're the Master now?
Zato No, I disagree...I'm a dog...just the leader of the pack. The Master of the House will never wait for an unsightly stray dog to return home.
Perhaps in the old days, you were called on, but now we no longer have a 'Master'.
Slayer Where does this 'Alpha Wolf' plan to lead his pack?
Zato We await the time our 'Master' will appear. And, until that day comes, we continue to strike at 'them'*.
To dwell within Darkness is our way of life. I believe that's my mission. (*He's referring to corrupt society.*)
Slayer And if this 'Master' were to pat you on the head...?
Zato It's because we're all orphans......What a wonderful smell...is that a Poplar blossom?
Slayer Ahh...you have a good nose. The streets are lined with White Poplar tree blossoms for sale.
They're so gentle and fluffy, it's like looking at a cloudy day after snow falls...
Zato Poplars...remind me of my Birthday.
Slayer Hm?
Zato 1-28 (January 28th), in the language of flowers...Poplars mean Courage.
Slayer Really, to analyze everything to that extent, you are something else.
Zato Aside from its definition though...Millia loves these flowers.
Slayer Listen to you! There's a limit to how refined a young man like you is supposed to be!
Zato Hehe...As for the definition of Easter Lilies--


Leon Assassin, you gave us a lot of trouble you know...
Zato Well if it isn't Lord Maining...I got a little tired from running so I took a little break. Nice garden you have here.
Leon Who's that man with you, Assassin?
Slayer I'm retired now you know...Now then, where may I ask did you get that large mountain of guns?
Leon On orders from Zepp, hmmhmmhmm~...Payment up front since you asked.
Slayer Ohh...so that country does business here now?
Leon This peaceful world continues to grow, even if a retiree runs a tight ship.
Slayer Non-retiree* is what you mean...I see now. In that short amount of time they started cultivating imitation Forbidden Beasts...
Zepp somehow acquired cloning technology and put it to practical use.

Leon Hm!? To know that is--YOU!! HOW DO YOU KNOW OLD WORLD KNOWLEDGE!!?
Slayer I'm just an old man, I just happen to be well-informed.
Zato Now then, Lord Maining, your greedy lust for power is limited to a single arm, as I figured. However, my Forbidden Beast dwells inside my entire body.
Leon Hmph. Hah! Indeed. The war has ended, but it seems a stray pack of dogs is overrunning the streets.
As for me, a man has to eat* even bastards like you. You understand, don't you? It's a large-scale takeover.


Zato So you plan to turn Calroni Kingdom into a new Assassin's Guild, and take control of that World of Darkness for yourself?
Leon Correct. And in that time, the Post-War World will fall under our prospering nation.
Gears may still bring conflict, but humans killing one another is inevitable.
Slayer Quite insightful...However, if we were to follow that path, a World of Carnage will be the only thing born from that War.
Well...I think I'll leave this to you, Zato.
Zato An oral exam...tormenting your Juniors by giving them all your homework?*

Leon What are you saying! You...!
Zato Lord Maining...it's expected of humanity to assume you are the 'Light'...
Leon Such a creepy underhanded remark...I'm the light you say?
Zato That's right. When rays of the sun's light burn, a deep shadow falls!
When Prosperity falls in to shadow, we Assassins thrive in the world!
So long as you seek prosperity by becoming the Light, we are eternally destined to confront one another!
Leon Why you...!!
Zato This is my declaration, Maining:
The World of Darkness shall grow under my Forbidden Beast's power!
Your weak thoughtlessness cannot be allowed to persist!
You can't even control a group of armed thugs, much less mislead a country to ruin! SHADOW!!!

Eddie KUUUWEEEERRRGGGGHhhhh....Hrrrrrrsssshhhhhhhhhhhhr rrrrr.....


Soldier A W-what the hell IS that!?!
Soldier B A shadow with teeth appeared! It's gonna eat me!!
Eddie Grrraaaghhhhrrr...
Leon S-sh-shoot it! CAN'T YOU SHOOT!?
Soldier It's no good! We can't fight a monster!! Mommy! MOMMY!!

Zato Now then...will you kindly step aside?
Leon You think you can stop me!? I'll kill the King and capture this Country!
The cogs have already begun to turn and you can't stop them!
Your lips were sealed so why!? When I'm so close to grasping supremacy!!?
Slayer But this is reality: Zato's power CAN stop you. You and your whole Imperial Army should just give up!
You should reconsider fighting altogether.
Leon Not yet! God Series! You will show them your true power! UNSEAL!!
Slayer Hn?
Zato This sensation is--!
Soldier A Ugh...UUUUNNNNGHHUUUUUUUUUUAAAAA!!!! *Bang*
Soldier B My body's explooodiiing!!!??? *Bang*

Soldier A+B RRRUUUUUUUUUOOOOOOOOOOUUUUGHHHH....

Slayer !! The Imperial Guards were drugged and changed into monsters! I see...so that's how the Forbidden Beasts' powers were released!
How can you be so stupid...They're probably completely Gears now!
Leon Hehaahahahahahahehe~! Surpass humans! Surpass Gears! Make this devoted Assassin cease to exist!
You brats can't look down on me anymore! Zato!!
Zato Understood. Discussions are over. Behold...my Shadow of Truth!! My...HEART OF DARKNESS!!
Eddie RRRRRNNNNGGGAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH....

Venom As expected of you, Millia. Even while carrying that child in your arms, you deflected 10 shots of my Red Hail without even once slowing down!
Millia You as well, using long range tactics. Even despite a broken ribcage you're so determined to never miss targeting my vital points? Don't look down on my hair!
Venom No doubt you are a sharpened edge of steel, with movement speed that exceeds human eyesight...
Millia ...While your cue tip movement exceeds the speed of sound, your field of vision is pushed to a limitless state of Infinite Aerial Ball Mastery*...


Venom Predicted--!
Millia Guild Technique--!
Venom + Millia --NUMBER TWO!!



Venom Gaaah-kih!
Millia ..kihiih!!
Venom --Well, how was that!? You got slightly wounded, even though it wasn't fatal--!



Millia Why you--you pulled your Cue back at the last second! And just now I was going to--!
Venom Master Zato...wished to spare that child. My orders were absolute!
Millia Venom--!!

Eddie RRRRRNNNNGGGAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH....

Millia That was--!?
Venom Master Zato's Forbidden Beast!!?
Millia Zato...is still alive...?
Venom I'm going, Millia.
Millia Where are you going!?
Venom What a foolish question...
Millia To Zato's side...but...
Venom I can never forgive you, but you did not kill Master Zato. That's just...how it is.
Millia Understood.




Slayer Oh dear...at this rate even my old self won't be able compete with something that massive.
Zato Small talk aside, my Forbidden Beast isn't faring much better. My Shadow is growing weaker.
Slayer Because of our small numbers, our total attack power is as poor as throwing a Sugar Cube into the sea...
Zato If only my Forbidden Beast could strike at their cores...then the conflict would--
Slayer Looks like a stalemate, then. Well, we'll just have to find a hiding place and patiently wait...
Leon Khh--Hey! What the hell are you doing! Use your power! Use your powers to crush and consume them all, Imperial Knights!
God Series ...GRRRRHH...YAHRRR...GAH-GAHHRRR...SHHHIIIHHH...
Slayer Stop that! Use any more magic and those soldiers truly won't return!
No, on the contrary, the Forbidden Beasts won't accept commands and begin to rampage!...It'll be just like Justice's second coming!
Leon Hehehahaha~ You're bluffing! The powers of Science and Magic combined can control my God Series! My "Arm" cannot be severed!
Slayer Give me a break...this brat is beyond help. In that case...Zato, let's head some distance away and let this guy do as he pleases!


Zato I'm not...so sure your idea is a very good one...
Slayer But--...
Millia Zato!
Venom Master Zato!


God Series HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH....!

Zato You two!?
Slayer It seems you still have romance! It's just a tiny bit of light, but I wonder if someday that World of Shadows will shine with radiance!
Zato Enough with the bad jokes!
Millia Zato...I...
Zato Missions can lead to accidents...don't worry. Whenever a contract is betrayed, no matter how complex the request it becomes scrap paper.
Your hair was ridiculed as a monstrosity, so vengeance is in order!
Millia And this child...?
Zato The contract is nulled. He's your responsibility, but...the moment you leave my "sight" you become an enemy. Venom!
Venom Sir!
Zato Millia and I are rushing in. Give us cover fire for 30 meters. Can you do it?
Venom Though I've lost 20% of my blood and 8 of my bones are broken, this Venom's Soul shall remain flawless!!
Zato Good! Millia! Once I expose the monsters' cores, I want you to use "Winger" and smash them!
Millia Understood. Then there will be no more casualties. Not bad!
Slayer Ahh...not to trouble you here...but my turn is over.
Zato Please observe us, then.
Slayer Oh?
Zato For the seeds you scattered to blossom into flowers, obligation and heart are required to observe those seeds so that they blossom.
Slayer Very well!
Zato LET'S GO!


Venom HAAAAAAAA!!! RED HAIL!!! *Ptok-Ptok-Ptok-Ptok*
God Series --HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH!
Zato Got it! DAMNED FANG!! TEAR THEM OPEN!!
Eddie KUUWHHHWEHHHGRRRRrrr...
God Series --GAH-GAHHRRR...YAHRRR!
Zato --MILLIA RAGE!!
Millia Yes, Zato=ONE! *Millia appears from the sky on Golden Wings of her hair*
Leon Aaaaaah!! St-st-Stop it you! At this rate my dream will be broken!!
Millia LOOK HARD--UPON YOUR NIGHTMARE! *Her hair forms extra blades on each feather*
Millia Those are the cores...? WINGEEERRRRR!!!!


God Series --HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH!


Leon Impossible...Impooossible!!


Millia Boy...Boy your future...I'll protect it...just let me sleep a little bit...

Venom With this, the Imperial Knights can return to dying as men...Gottfried...my promise has been fulfilled...


Slayer Such magnificent skill!
Zato How you hang upside down without getting a nosebleed I have no idea, but did I at least get passing marks?
Slayer That's right...this was a test!
Zato That's harsh.
Slayer The exam was to see how well you could handle an indecent proposal, which was pretty fun to watch.
With the end of the Holy War and the beginning of this Peaceful Era, all of you and Maining were on equal terms from the paths you chose.
I was the examiner.
Zato At least give...Venom and Millia some time to rest. My subordinates need more time to think about their futures...
Slayer That's the spirit!...And maybe you could...
Zato You still need something?
Slayer No, it's not that important but, I missed hearing you talk about Millia's favorite flower in flower language. I'd like to hear it.
Zato Ah...the Easter Lily in flower language means "the desire to have children"...
Slayer That desire and your desire clash you know. It might be troublesome to pray for such a wish. Farewell then, Young Assassin!
Zato The next time we meet...I shall present you with your defeat, First Assassin!



Millia Is it a good idea...to keep Lord Maining alive?
Zato Do you want to kill him?
Millia That's not what I mean...
Zato This was Venom's advice: were that man to die, a civil war would certainly break out in Calronia.
The rivalling Lords of the people are incompetent, so even a scoundrel like him could peacefully unite and govern them, which benefits everyone. This is also in our best interests...
Millia I see...and...about me?
Zato Your mission was cancelled. Because you betrayed the mission in ignorance.
Millia How sweet of you.
Zato That's not all...I meant what I said about that child being your responsibility.
Millia What are you planning?
Zato That child will be raised within the Organization, until such time as Foster Parents can be found.
Millia You think we can go back to how it was? I betrayed you! I'll say it again: I might betray you again!
Zato If you leave the Organization now, there will be no negotiations. If you betray us: you can be certain someone will be dispatched to eliminate you.
Millia I see. Venom will be pleased.
Zato Millia...you're needed within the Organization...No...I find you ESSENTIAL as a human being! I beg you not to forget that!
Millia Zato...
Zato Three days...I will not permit any more!*

Millia Understood. But I won't run...
Millia (I will never run, Zato...Someday I will come back here. And at that time...I will...surpass you.)




Salteria Waaaahaaaaa~~~!
Millia Ahh geez, don't cry, don't cry I said!...You make ME want to cry...Giving me '3 days' to look is unreasonable!
? Waiiiiiiit-wait-wait-wait-WAIT! Hold it right there, young lady~!
Millia Who's there!? (Where did he come from!?)
? Now-now you're supposed to hold him gently...Look, like this.* (*He takes the crying baby from her.)
Millia !
? Bouncey-bounce-what-what-what-look-look-look! You need a diaper change? Hmmm?
Salteria Hehehe, hahahah~!
? Hahahaha! Good! You're a good kid! Worrying your mother like that's no good you know?
Millia But I'm not his mother!
? Oops, pardon me! So you mean you're just his caretaker, right?
Millia ...Yes...
? Whatever sort of circumstances you might have, perhaps our meeting here is fated. Would you care to tell me?
Millia I just found the child! I have to find someone else who can raise him.
? Haah! Now I see! But even abandoned children need...a fresh pair of underwear!
Millia ...!
? As luck would have it, I happen to know a nice family who can take him in...such are the times we live in...
Millia That's true...
? Well, those are the times, but at least this kid has a place to go and be looked after now...
Millia Yes but...I hope that won't be a problem, though...
? Yup! It's fine! This kid won't be trouble for me at all!
Millia Ehh!?
? The place I'm taking him to is a household of good people. They'll take in any child, it doesn't matter who!
Millia I'm indebted to you.
? Hahahaha~! I just think of it as an opportunity to meet a blooming young lady! Normally I'm taking applications*, so please remember me!


Millia I have to go home now. There's a man there who will be very upset if I don't. I'll be walking back on foot.
? Mm, sounds like a wonderful guy, but...I would never tie down a woman like that. I love all ladies equally!!
Millia Fufufu~ what an amusing fellow. What's your name?
? Johnny! That...is my name!




Slayer So then, you think you're running a business now?
Zato It doesn't matter who it's for...the Organization functions for the Organization's own sake.
Slayer What meaning is there to an organization that's created to fill its members with sorrow!?
Zato Being hassled by whatever an old man has to say is too tedious.
Slayer In that case, I have a few questions to ask you.
Zato I'd love to hear one of your lectures, but...now there's no time.
Slayer So I'm being a nuisance, you say...?
Zato Indeed...senile old man...OUT OF MY WAY!
