Zato ...Unthinkable...for Millia to brood like this...



Zato Now then...You hiding over there, show yourself! I will neither flee nor hide!


? As expected of an Assassin of your caliber, Sir Zato...

Zato To determine if nothing is something, or something is nothing is all part of being an Assassin, Lord Maining.
As you can see, your contract has been fulfilled. But why are you here?
Leon Well, I just came by to thank you for all your hard work...
Zato But such a thing...like the gunpowder I smell is taboo for use*, correct?


Leon Very perceptive, as expected of a Forbidden Beast user like yourself in place like this...



Leon I greatly fear his Majesty the King has been grievously harmed by a rebel! Imperial Guards, shoot him down!!
Zato Now I see...


Zato DRUNKARD SHADE!!



Leon What!? He's reflecting our strongest volley!! I can't believe what I'm seeing!
Zato You've been exposed! You're no opponent of mine!! (*Zato phases into the fog*)
Leon Kh! That guy took the appearance of gunsmoke to get away! Stop! Stop shooting over there! There'll be friendly fire at this rate!!
After him, guards! The target's been injured, so he can't have gone far! Prep your bayonets!!
Castle Guard Sir! Prepping bayonets!



Zato (Gnehhh...missed my vital points...Millia...in the end she dared to stab me...Heh...I have to thank that woman for piercing me.
That Maining, his agreement was all just an elaborate trap...His aim was to obtain my Forbidden Beast all along.
And if he couldn't do that he'd just use me...That's why...)


Zato ...So the child wants a toy of his own, does he?


Zato How pathetic, for me to be wounded and driven into a corner like this...


Slayer Need some help...?
Zato Founder...What's the real reason behind your excessive curiousity and meddling?
Slayer I see...it's because you make me laugh.
Zato What a bad joke...
Slayer And Millia?
Zato Stabbed me, snatched away the king and fled the castle. Thanks to not having that sense of virtue, I was humiliated.
Slayer It's regrettable that your getting stabbed couldn't be avoided. Not so fortunate to be born a man, were you?
Zato Thanks but, that clever commentary doesn't help.
Slayer Did you even want to try this? (Slayer is looking at the night sky.)
Zato Counting stars, eh...well...when I lost my eyesight I gave up stargazing long ago...
Slayer So because you can't hear the music, you refuse to dance?
Zato Founder...you meddle far too much...Lord Slayer's opinion differs from mine. I am an Assassin...not a creature you pat on the head and comfort no matter what.
Dogs of sorrow don't travel in packs, please remember that.
Slayer So you're the Master now?
Zato No, I disagree...I'm a dog...just the leader of the pack. The Master of the House will never wait for an unsightly stray dog to return home.
Perhaps in the old days, you were called on, but now we no longer have a 'Master'.
Slayer Where does this 'Alpha Wolf' plan to lead his pack?
Zato We await the time our 'Master' will appear. And, until that day comes, we continue to strike at 'them'*.
To dwell within Darkness is our way of life. I believe that's my mission. (*He's referring to corrupt society.*)
Slayer And if this 'Master' were to pat you on the head...?
Zato It's because we're all orphans......What a wonderful smell...is that a Poplar blossom?
Slayer Ahh...you have a good nose. The streets are lined with White Poplar tree blossoms for sale.
They're so gentle and fluffy, it's like looking at a cloudy day after snow falls...
Zato Poplars...remind me of my Birthday.
Slayer Hm?
Zato 1-28 (January 28th), in the language of flowers...Poplars mean Courage.
Slayer Really, to analyze everything to that extent, you are something else.
Zato Aside from its definition though...Millia loves these flowers.
Slayer Listen to you! There's a limit to how refined a young man like you is supposed to be!
Zato Hehe...As for the definition of Easter Lilies--


Leon Assassin, you gave us a lot of trouble you know...
Zato Well if it isn't Lord Maining...I got a little tired from running so I took a little break. Nice garden you have here.
Leon Who's that man with you, Assassin?
Slayer I'm retired now you know...Now then, where may I ask did you get that large mountain of guns?
Leon On orders from Zepp, hmmhmmhmm~...Payment up front since you asked.
Slayer Ohh...so that country does business here now?
Leon This peaceful world continues to grow, even if a retiree runs a tight ship.
Slayer Non-retiree* is what you mean...I see now. In that short amount of time they started cultivating imitation Forbidden Beasts...
Zepp somehow acquired cloning technology and put it to practical use.

Leon Hm!? To know that is--YOU!! HOW DO YOU KNOW OLD WORLD KNOWLEDGE!!?
Slayer I'm just an old man, I just happen to be well-informed.
Zato Now then, Lord Maining, your greedy lust for power is limited to a single arm, as I figured. However, my Forbidden Beast dwells inside my entire body.
Leon Hmph. Hah! Indeed. The war has ended, but it seems a stray pack of dogs is overrunning the streets.
As for me, a man has to eat* even bastards like you. You understand, don't you? It's a large-scale takeover.


Zato So you plan to turn Calroni Kingdom into a new Assassin's Guild, and take control of that World of Darkness for yourself?
Leon Correct. And in that time, the Post-War World will fall under our prospering nation.
Gears may still bring conflict, but humans killing one another is inevitable.
Slayer Quite insightful...However, if we were to follow that path, a World of Carnage will be the only thing born from that War.
Well...I think I'll leave this to you, Zato.
Zato An oral exam...tormenting your Juniors by giving them all your homework?*

Leon What are you saying! You...!
Zato Lord Maining...it's expected of humanity to assume you are the 'Light'...
Leon Such a creepy underhanded remark...I'm the light you say?
Zato That's right. When rays of the sun's light burn, a deep shadow falls!
When Prosperity falls in to shadow, we Assassins thrive in the world!
So long as you seek prosperity by becoming the Light, we are eternally destined to confront one another!
Leon Why you...!!
Zato This is my declaration, Maining:
The World of Darkness shall grow under my Forbidden Beast's power!
Your weak thoughtlessness cannot be allowed to persist!
You can't even control a group of armed thugs, much less mislead a country to ruin! SHADOW!!!

Eddie KUUUWEEEERRRGGGGHhhhh....Hrrrrrrsssshhhhhhhhhhhhr rrrrr.....


Soldier A W-what the hell IS that!?!
Soldier B A shadow with teeth appeared! It's gonna eat me!!
Eddie Grrraaaghhhhrrr...
Leon S-sh-shoot it! CAN'T YOU SHOOT!?
Soldier It's no good! We can't fight a monster!! Mommy! MOMMY!!

Zato Now then...will you kindly step aside?
Leon You think you can stop me!? I'll kill the King and capture this Country!
The cogs have already begun to turn and you can't stop them!
Your lips were sealed so why!? When I'm so close to grasping supremacy!!?
Slayer But this is reality: Zato's power CAN stop you. You and your whole Imperial Army should just give up!
You should reconsider fighting altogether.
Leon Not yet! God Series! You will show them your true power! UNSEAL!!
Slayer Hn?
Zato This sensation is--!
Soldier A Ugh...UUUUNNNNGHHUUUUUUUUUUAAAAA!!!! *Bang*
Soldier B My body's explooodiiing!!!??? *Bang*

Soldier A+B RRRUUUUUUUUUOOOOOOOOOOUUUUGHHHH....

Slayer !! The Imperial Guards were drugged and changed into monsters! I see...so that's how the Forbidden Beasts' powers were released!
How can you be so stupid...They're probably completely Gears now!
Leon Hehaahahahahahahehe~! Surpass humans! Surpass Gears! Make this devoted Assassin cease to exist!
You brats can't look down on me anymore! Zato!!
Zato Understood. Discussions are over. Behold...my Shadow of Truth!! My...HEART OF DARKNESS!!
Eddie RRRRRNNNNGGGAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH....

Venom As expected of you, Millia. Even while carrying that child in your arms, you deflected 10 shots of my Red Hail without even once slowing down!
Millia You as well, using long range tactics. Even despite a broken ribcage you're so determined to never miss targeting my vital points? Don't look down on my hair!
Venom No doubt you are a sharpened edge of steel, with movement speed that exceeds human eyesight...
Millia ...While your cue tip movement exceeds the speed of sound, your field of vision is pushed to a limitless state of Infinite Aerial Ball Mastery*...


Venom Predicted--!
Millia Guild Technique--!
Venom + Millia --NUMBER TWO!!



Venom Gaaah-kih!
Millia ..kihiih!!
Venom --Well, how was that!? You got slightly wounded, even though it wasn't fatal--!



Millia Why you--you pulled your Cue back at the last second! And just now I was going to--!
Venom Master Zato...wished to spare that child. My orders were absolute!
Millia Venom--!!

Eddie RRRRRNNNNGGGAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH....

Millia That was--!?
Venom Master Zato's Forbidden Beast!!?
Millia Zato...is still alive...?
Venom I'm going, Millia.
Millia Where are you going!?
Venom What a foolish question...
Millia To Zato's side...but...
Venom I can never forgive you, but you did not kill Master Zato. That's just...how it is.
Millia Understood.




Slayer Oh dear...at this rate even my old self won't be able compete with something that massive.
Zato Small talk aside, my Forbidden Beast isn't faring much better. My Shadow is growing weaker.
Slayer Because of our small numbers, our total attack power is as poor as throwing a Sugar Cube into the sea...
Zato If only my Forbidden Beast could strike at their cores...then the conflict would--
Slayer Looks like a stalemate, then. Well, we'll just have to find a hiding place and patiently wait...
Leon Khh--Hey! What the hell are you doing! Use your power! Use your powers to crush and consume them all, Imperial Knights!
God Series ...GRRRRHH...YAHRRR...GAH-GAHHRRR...SHHHIIIHHH...
Slayer Stop that! Use any more magic and those soldiers truly won't return!
No, on the contrary, the Forbidden Beasts won't accept commands and begin to rampage!...It'll be just like Justice's second coming!
Leon Hehehahaha~ You're bluffing! The powers of Science and Magic combined can control my God Series! My "Arm" cannot be severed!
Slayer Give me a break...this brat is beyond help. In that case...Zato, let's head some distance away and let this guy do as he pleases!


Zato I'm not...so sure your idea is a very good one...
Slayer But--...
Millia Zato!
Venom Master Zato!


God Series HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH....!

Zato You two!?
Slayer It seems you still have romance! It's just a tiny bit of light, but I wonder if someday that World of Shadows will shine with radiance!
Zato Enough with the bad jokes!
Millia Zato...I...
Zato Missions can lead to accidents...don't worry. Whenever a contract is betrayed, no matter how complex the request it becomes scrap paper.
Your hair was ridiculed as a monstrosity, so vengeance is in order!
Millia And this child...?
Zato The contract is nulled. He's your responsibility, but...the moment you leave my "sight" you become an enemy. Venom!
Venom Sir!
Zato Millia and I are rushing in. Give us cover fire for 30 meters. Can you do it?
Venom Though I've lost 20% of my blood and 8 of my bones are broken, this Venom's Soul shall remain flawless!!
Zato Good! Millia! Once I expose the monsters' cores, I want you to use "Winger" and smash them!
Millia Understood. Then there will be no more casualties. Not bad!
Slayer Ahh...not to trouble you here...but my turn is over.
Zato Please observe us, then.
Slayer Oh?
Zato For the seeds you scattered to blossom into flowers, obligation and heart are required to observe those seeds so that they blossom.
Slayer Very well!
Zato LET'S GO!


Venom HAAAAAAAA!!! RED HAIL!!! *Ptok-Ptok-Ptok-Ptok*
God Series --HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH!
Zato Got it! DAMNED FANG!! TEAR THEM OPEN!!
Eddie KUUWHHHWEHHHGRRRRrrr...
God Series --GAH-GAHHRRR...YAHRRR!
Zato --MILLIA RAGE!!
Millia Yes, Zato=ONE! *Millia appears from the sky on Golden Wings of her hair*
Leon Aaaaaah!! St-st-Stop it you! At this rate my dream will be broken!!
Millia LOOK HARD--UPON YOUR NIGHTMARE! *Her hair forms extra blades on each feather*
Millia Those are the cores...? WINGEEERRRRR!!!!


God Series --HUUUWWWAAAAAAAHHHHH!


Leon Impossible...Impooossible!!


Millia Boy...Boy your future...I'll protect it...just let me sleep a little bit...

Venom With this, the Imperial Knights can return to dying as men...Gottfried...my promise has been fulfilled...


Slayer Such magnificent skill!
Zato How you hang upside down without getting a nosebleed I have no idea, but did I at least get passing marks?
Slayer That's right...this was a test!
Zato That's harsh.
Slayer The exam was to see how well you could handle an indecent proposal, which was pretty fun to watch.
With the end of the Holy War and the beginning of this Peaceful Era, all of you and Maining were on equal terms from the paths you chose.
I was the examiner.
Zato At least give...Venom and Millia some time to rest. My subordinates need more time to think about their futures...
Slayer That's the spirit!...And maybe you could...
Zato You still need something?
Slayer No, it's not that important but, I missed hearing you talk about Millia's favorite flower in flower language. I'd like to hear it.
Zato Ah...the Easter Lily in flower language means "the desire to have children"...
Slayer That desire and your desire clash you know. It might be troublesome to pray for such a wish. Farewell then, Young Assassin!
Zato The next time we meet...I shall present you with your defeat, First Assassin!



Millia Is it a good idea...to keep Lord Maining alive?
Zato Do you want to kill him?
Millia That's not what I mean...
Zato This was Venom's advice: were that man to die, a civil war would certainly break out in Calronia.
The rivalling Lords of the people are incompetent, so even a scoundrel like him could peacefully unite and govern them, which benefits everyone. This is also in our best interests...
Millia I see...and...about me?
Zato Your mission was cancelled. Because you betrayed the mission in ignorance.
Millia How sweet of you.
Zato That's not all...I meant what I said about that child being your responsibility.
Millia What are you planning?
Zato That child will be raised within the Organization, until such time as Foster Parents can be found.
Millia You think we can go back to how it was? I betrayed you! I'll say it again: I might betray you again!
Zato If you leave the Organization now, there will be no negotiations. If you betray us: you can be certain someone will be dispatched to eliminate you.
Millia I see. Venom will be pleased.
Zato Millia...you're needed within the Organization...No...I find you ESSENTIAL as a human being! I beg you not to forget that!
Millia Zato...
Zato Three days...I will not permit any more!*

Millia Understood. But I won't run...
Millia (I will never run, Zato...Someday I will come back here. And at that time...I will...surpass you.)




Salteria Waaaahaaaaa~~~!
Millia Ahh geez, don't cry, don't cry I said!...You make ME want to cry...Giving me '3 days' to look is unreasonable!
? Waiiiiiiit-wait-wait-wait-WAIT! Hold it right there, young lady~!
Millia Who's there!? (Where did he come from!?)
? Now-now you're supposed to hold him gently...Look, like this.* (*He takes the crying baby from her.)
Millia !
? Bouncey-bounce-what-what-what-look-look-look! You need a diaper change? Hmmm?
Salteria Hehehe, hahahah~!
? Hahahaha! Good! You're a good kid! Worrying your mother like that's no good you know?
Millia But I'm not his mother!
? Oops, pardon me! So you mean you're just his caretaker, right?
Millia ...Yes...
? Whatever sort of circumstances you might have, perhaps our meeting here is fated. Would you care to tell me?
Millia I just found the child! I have to find someone else who can raise him.
? Haah! Now I see! But even abandoned children need...a fresh pair of underwear!
Millia ...!
? As luck would have it, I happen to know a nice family who can take him in...such are the times we live in...
Millia That's true...
? Well, those are the times, but at least this kid has a place to go and be looked after now...
Millia Yes but...I hope that won't be a problem, though...
? Yup! It's fine! This kid won't be trouble for me at all!
Millia Ehh!?
? The place I'm taking him to is a household of good people. They'll take in any child, it doesn't matter who!
Millia I'm indebted to you.
? Hahahaha~! I just think of it as an opportunity to meet a blooming young lady! Normally I'm taking applications*, so please remember me!


Millia I have to go home now. There's a man there who will be very upset if I don't. I'll be walking back on foot.
? Mm, sounds like a wonderful guy, but...I would never tie down a woman like that. I love all ladies equally!!
Millia Fufufu~ what an amusing fellow. What's your name?
? Johnny! That...is my name!


