Zato Why...are you here?
Slayer Why? It's just been a while since I've seen the face of my "junior".
Zato There's nothing here for you to see at all...Founder...
Slayer I'm gone for a little while and the Organization seems to have changed quite a bit...
Zato So now I have to earn the title of being an Assassin? I'd like to know exactly what my "senior" is spouting about now...
Slayer So then, you think you're running a business now?
Zato It doesn't matter who it's for...the Organization functions for the Organization's own sake.
Slayer What meaning is there to an organization that's created to fill its members with sorrow!?
Zato Being hassled by whatever an old man has to say is too tedious.
Slayer In that case, I have a few questions to ask you.
Zato I'd love to hear one of your lectures, but...now there's no time.
Slayer So I'm being a nuisance, you say...?
Zato Indeed...senile old man...OUT OF MY WAY!
Zato (Even now that old man's going easy on me...as expected...)
Slayer Your rushdown is weak. You should've prepared your Instant Kill technique, that shortcoming will cost you.
Zato Ready my Instant Kill? The Leader of the Assassins needs only ask. Then I shall show you! PIERCE THROUGH!!

Slayer Is this some kind of joke? Too slow!

Zato Gwuugh--eughh!!...
Slayer One: In a life and death struggle it is expedient to never exceed one's own limits when performing an Instant-kill technique.
Two: A killing technique's intent must be refined to it's absolute potential within the craft to support one's boast of skill.
Zato (That is...the Organization's Way...!)
Slayer Correct! And for that 'way' to happen something must occur: Real conflict follows rules, a life and death struggle's outcome is not decided by prideful intent. A man must thrive in conflict, a man who can stand alone and inspire those below him is unstoppable. As you are now, you are insufficient!
Zato (Is he forcing me on the defensive!?)
Slayer THIS IS--DANDY-ZOOM!!

Zato Guuwaaaaa!
Slayer Well then, care to talk with me for a little bit now, young Assassin?
Zato Hehhh...ennhh...sorry but...there's no...TIME!!
Slayer Hoh!
Zato BEHOLD ITS COMING: EXPAND!! AMORPHOUS!!

Zato (Did I get him!?)
Slayer Isn't that a taboo question, Mr. Rookie?
Zato Nuo--!?

Zato Uoof!
Slayer Youngster...excessive killing intent, but a trembling fighting spirit. You have me worried.
Zato Honorable elder...GET OUT OF MY--!
Slayer Aaaaah, so it's that young girl you're worried about, Ms. Millia I think her name is...?
Zato Na!!--don't touch her!
Slayer Vulnerable!

Zato Guuuaaaa...uhuhhhk...hahh...from the very beginning...why do you know Millia!?
Slayer My eyes couldn't help but behold such a charming Mademoiselle. Is she your lover?
Zato That's right...But that's why I have no time and need to hurry!
Slayer Hm? And then what?
Zato An important subordinate was caught and I can't disgracefully abandon her, because this is something a head leader must do! This time, please step aside, IMMORTAL MONSTER!
Slayer Your resolution is good, but your soul's depth ISN'T QUITE THERE YET!!

Zato Oouugh...Khh...impossible...I cast aside the light for...the Forbidden Beast's power...yet I'm still this weak--!? Guhh!!

Slayer Don't feel bad; you aren't weak, I am just too strong. But your soul's radiance is not bad, quite elegant in fact...With you as its Leader, your Organization's future has interesting potential to grow in this era. It was an honor to fight you, however brief.
Zato Uughh...so you're satisfied just with that much is what you mean?...How disturbing...
Slayer Au revoir! I've interfered enough, you don't need to worry about the girl.
Zato Mill...ia...


Millia My hair can't move...this is a high level magic sealing prison.....but...why are they keeping me alive? If I'm kept in constant pain and isolation eventually I'll...die...freezing...in the cold...and then they'll eventually kill me afterwards...

Zato Come to me, Millia...）
Millia Stop it!!
Zato The way of an Assassin is more than one path, you know...）
Millia No!! Why do you keep calling for me even now!?
Zato You want to live happily...don't you?）
Millia What I want...What I want!?...These chains have bound me to this frigid world to die--I don't want this anymore!!!



Venom Master Zato! Are you all right!?


Zato Somehow...



Zato Pour me a Sherry. Those punches of his set my soul ablaze...
Venom Sir...However, I must object to the consumption of alcohol while you're still bleeding, it is bad for your body.
Zato I'll say it again: pour me a sherry. It's a drink from my home town.
Venom As you wish it.


Venom Your drink, sir.



Zato Haaa......Millia...did you escape safely...?
Venom No...there was no confirmation. She was spotted and apprehended, there is no mistake.
Zato I see......Open a line to Lord Maining. We can't allow him custody of Millia.
Venom But sir, our laws state that when an Assassin has been arrested, suicide is their only redemption! And you wish to negotiate--!?
Zato She and I are not Assassins. We are kindred Forbidden Beasts, weapons born on the battlefield. Money can't buy that!
Venom Because of that?
Zato Just that.
Venom As you wish it. A moment, please.


Zato ...(Millia)...



Venom Apologies for the delay. Lord Maining on the line.


Leon So, young Zato, you really blundered this time...
Zato The target was killed. I think the damage was minimal.


Leon Don't joke around...I've grown fond of that beauty we captured, the rumors about her were no lie. Fortunately, my informants have assured me...that meddlesome cabinet minister has been silenced...we were able to bribe him.
Zato I am deeply ashamed. We regard that girl as a treasured daughter, I humbly ask that you please return her to us...



Leon Hmph...very well. But, even for a traditional child of the Assassin Guild, she's a commoner. Before I return her to you, however...I've got another job for you...
Zato Alright then. Well...who is it?



Leon Heheh...his Majesty the King...is your target.
Zato So I see. In exchange for Millia's head, we shall stake the reputation of the Assassin's Guild to assure the fulfillment of this task.



Leon I'm looking forward to good news, hehehe...until then...




Millia ...I'm home...
Venom Millia!?
Zato Millia...!?



Venom Why, what are you doing here!? After we just spoke with Lord Maining!
...No, it's too late for that!
Millia Maining...ugh, that man is repulsive, you're wrong about that.



Millia I was unsealed by Slayer, that meddlesome old man.
Zato Slayer?...Now I see.
Venom Who is that?
Zato One of the Founders of our Guild, lost to time. Even compared to our abnormal talents, he's immeasurably a monster.
Venom So that man...because this country is in turmoil...does he plan to be of assistance to us?
Millia When he freed me, he didn't ask for collateral. That old man...he seems to just simply enjoy watching us...
Venom I don't like this...A former Founder, even more a Guild Outsider?
Enough, Master Zato, to allow yourself to be surrounded by so many stray dogs prowling around, I must--!



Zato Stop.
Venom But--!
Zato Venom, you forget yourself.
Venom Master Zato, I'm telling you that pretentious old man will interfere with us!
Zato I manipulate the shadows, even as a child I was treated as a monster. I've prepared myself for death, despite the dangers.
Venom...your wisdom is valuable to the Organization, but that value means nothing if a hit* is lost.
Venom Master Zato! *Salute*


Millia Flamboyant as usual...you boys have a good relationship... 
Venom Millia...! *seethes*
Millia Well, what now? Will we continue our tactical plans for Calroni Kingdom?
Zato That was not our original intention, but, as of now we have something we need to obtain there.
Millia What did you say?
Zato You returned home too late. We were given a job, in negotiation for your head.
We are now obligated to fulfill this mission, which puts us in a difficult position now.
Millia ...I see...So then, who's the target?
Venom Calroni Kingdom's King, Salteria Calroni.
Millia Now wait just a minute--!?
Zato His Royal Majesty the King, child of 2 years...


Millia Are you insane!? This is child abuse, no, INFANTICIDE!
This isn't an assassination! This is infamy!
Zato I'm insane. *Stated Coldly*
Millia Don't you know it's just a dirty job, Zato?! I've misjudged you as a man!
No, for ANY Assassin wouldn't this be crossing the line!? Un-ghh!?

Zato I expected you to say that, thanks for the informed opinion.
Millia Don't lie to me!...A simple plot like this,
Maining just wants to take over the kingdom by killing the king, right!?
But, he just wants to burn and pillage!
Assassins can't get involved in this...right!?
Zato Don't you dare call for Slayer...
Millia I...like that man's sense of justice and happiness,
I don't see any resemblance of that here, fighting that benefits no one...
But...you don't understand, do you Zato!? I hate it, I can't stand it! BUT STILL YOU--!
Venom I'VE HEARD ENOUGH!!



Millia Venom!? If you're trying to get between Zato and I just--
Zato Venom!
Venom YOU BE SILENT!
ARROGANTLY DISAPPROVING OF THE DIRTY WORK WE HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO HANDLE!
WHEN WE ASSASSINS ARE GIVEN WORK IT IS NO MISTAKE,
MASTER ZATO IS 100% AWARE OF THE SITUATION!
YOU SHOULD BE AWARE OF THE REASON WE TOOK THIS JOB,
YET YOU STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS, MILLIA RAGE!!?
Millia ..!
Venom THIS WAS FOR YOUR SAKE...AND IF YOU STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS--!
Zato That's enough, Venom! And Millia...
Venom My apologies, sir. I have...lost my composure...
Zato Man gives in to emotional instincts. You're both Assassins, right? That's why you can understand this.


Millia Zato, but even if that's--
Zato Regardless, it is an absolute law! The reputation of the Assassin Guild is bound by the responsibility to carry out ANY task once it is given!
The Guild begins here...the first law which cannot be shaken. A holy law.
Millia But to kill...a child?
Zato To kill a king. With precision.
My shadow will consume him utterly, no traces left behind.
After this...the Guild will be the number one choice to receive children, to be raised as Assassins...
Millia But, it's still as I thought, children will continue to fall in to hell...
Zato To live despite these times is like waiting in a living hell. Am I wrong?
Millia It's true. Venom and I live this way because we were rescued...
Zato Living to take hold of what you can to continue to exist, that's what I believe in...

Zato Venom!
Venom *Salute* Sir!
Zato I've decided. This is time-sensitive.
The Royal Palace is protected by a powerful land barrier surrounded by a moat.
You will take 10 elite subordinates...no, 20 of them, and disable the barrier's power,
then secure an escape route.
Venom It shall be done. As for Master Zato's position?
Zato Of course I'll be coming.
The King will be introduced to the three strongest of the Guild.
I have absolute faith in all of you, you are my greatest subordinates.
Millia And me...? Am I supposed to hold down the fort?
Zato Millia, I want you to watch my back.
Millia So even if you screw up, you still intend to go easy on a woman? *Sarcasm*
Venom Keeghhh...!! *Seething*
Zato You failed because we weren't prepared for their army last time.
A suitable battle formation will be difficult, but,
I want you to prepare for the possibility that Slayer will show up. I expect flawless execution, okay?
Millia Understood. But, before we begin the operation I need to rest for a while.
My body feels stiff from being in that prison seal.
Zato That's fine. We're going, Venom.
We need to hurry and set up tactical operations.
Venom Sir! You may entrust rear guard to this Venom!

Millia *Sigh*...

Millia After killing someone...my body grows cold...my hands are stained in blood...
For another child to feel that again...I'm tired of it...I hate it...
Choosing me, instead of that child...all I see in Zato's dark eyes is a hatred I don't want...
No...No!...I hate the cold, Zato...
Slayer Your desires must grow...）
Millia No! No!...I want to die!
Slayer A good life...A good death, they do not carry the same meaning.）
Millia I want to die?...I don't want death!
...I don't want to die!...I DON'T WANT TO KILL!!
Slayer Seize it! Your future!）
Millia Future!? Zato's...and mine...?


Millia I'm surprised. Such a large lake surrounding the estate...
Zato A while ago, during the Crusades, a Gear made a crater here.
Supposedly the epicenter used to be a submerged old-world miltary complex that Calroni Kingdom was built on top of.
Millia What's the mission?
Zato Venom's detatched squad will assault the barrier-unit from the front,
attacking it directly. Once the battle begins, the guard network will be in disarray.
During that time, you and I will quickly slip inside.

*Zato aggressively gets on top of Millia*

Millia Ah!?--What the hell are you doing at a time like this..?!
Zato What better time than now...?

*Zato forcibly french-kisses her*

*Millia pulls away from him in fear*

Zato Why is it?...Today you...shine in my eyes brighter than ever...
No question...you're so beautiful...
Millia Unfortunately for you, I'm actually an ugly woman.
You might want to have your eyes checked.
If you don't, you might really die of despair...

*A large explosion is heard in the distance*

Zato It's started...


Millia To think they would come so quickly--TANDEM TOP!!
*Millia generates an raw energy sawblade with her hair.*
Super Soldier A Goohh!
Zato It's a good thing I work best in the shadows...INVITE HELL!!
Super Soldier B Bruggh!


Super Soldier B ...Kill...Assassin...kill...
Zato Hoh...even though that was a direct hit...
Super Soldier C Ideyoyaaaaghhh!! *Another soldier jumps in to strike*
Millia Hep!
*Millia gathers the soldier up in her hair and tosses him against a wall to knock him out.*
Super Soldier C Grrh!
Millia Sorry...I came across these men last time I was at the castle. Just cutting them won't kill them.
Zato Just like the 'Original Assassin' they met before...?* *He's referring to Slayer*
Millia Who's that?
Zato Our founder.
Super Soldier D Guuuuuooooohhhhhgaaahhh!! *Another Soldier charges in.*
Zato Out of the way!! *Zato mows him down with Eddie*
Super Soldier D Goohhwaaa!!

Zato The Crusades have begun again...even though they started a long time ago...
Assassinations were the prescribed 'cure' to this toxin.
To experience the horror and pain of being raised a soldier within an organization,
and then ultimately become an Assassin as well...that's the history...
Millia So then...the drugs these guys are taking?
Zato Probably...now I see...
Unusual abilities of that nature to match our own in combat...
Someone thinks they're being clever to work on the inside
but they're actually very shallow.
Millia Really...very shallow...
Zato After all...strange talents of that nature GRANT POWER!!
Millia Within us dwell Forbidden Beasts from the past!!
Zato We are the children!
Millia Exactly!
Zato EXECUTOOOR!!*Zato's body wraps itself in a large sword of darkness.*
Millia EMERALD RAIN!!*Millia fires a series of energy sawblades from her hair.*


Super Soldiers Guwaahh---Gwaaagghhhh--!!

Zato Willing to endure the pain, yet they carelessly avoid the truth.
But...the body is human flesh after all and cannot exceed its limits!
Millia Ah! Zato--!

Zato SHADOW!


Millia What is this...golden...thread?
Super Soldier E Shiyaaaahhhh!!!


Zato Can you avoid it, Millia!?!
Millia I'll have to!!


Zato To steal a woman's pride--! Rude annoying gnats!!
Geh...SHADOW--CONSUME THEM!!

Super Soldier E Gah!
Super Soldier F Muuguuff!

Millia Back then--!? That vile Maining...What on earth did he draw out of my body!?
Probably...the Forbidden Beast's power? *gasp* REVOLTING!! Enhhhiihh!
*Millia is on the verge of a breakdown*
Zato Survive the job and live, survive your existence and live...Let's go, Millia...*

Millia Yes, Zato...


Millia So this is where his Royal Highness sleeps...
Zato Like his cute sleeping face?
Millia Yeah, just like an angel. Are the explosives ready?
Zato Almost. Once it ignites, this corner of the room will open up to an escape route secured by our 'client'.
There won't be any problems.
Millia We've already dispatched the defense force here, so it's just you, me, and his Majesty the King in this area...
Zato Seems that way...*Sigh* So this is the future of our Guild...


Zato Such small fragile hands...but...someday they'll grow strong.

Millia Hey, Zato. What do you think about the future of people
who only play with the predetermined hand they were dealt with?
Zato If you were dealt a bad hand, sometimes you have to take the fall...
Millia What about this baby who doesn't have the power to defy anyone...?
Zato The hand of a child--


Zato Uugh--!--Uh--Uhhh..Milli..a..!?



Millia Forgive me...Zato...I...chose to bet on the future of this child!
Zato His...future..!?
Millia I am the wager. An Assassin that was born to sorrow, an Assassin destined to die...That was never predetermined!
I want to exist in the future I believe in! With no doubts!
That's why, Zato!...This is goodbye...truly goodbye!

Zato An Assassin's...happiness...?...Not...bad...


Millia HA!
